Boss.
Thank you.
The second brother is now back in control of White Deer International.
Power.
I don't know what to do with my sister, the three Bac Giang assassins
I was framed from beginning to end.
But they were treated like that by the Red Cross.
I really don't want to be bothered like that.
That's why I want to invite you to work together to deal with the Inferno Trac.
This one.
No matter what you do too much.
But he's the boss anyway.
Dear, if you come back like this, IELTS must forget.
You can't even understand this person?
Just finished.
If someone threatens his rights
He will find a way to destroy it.
I even have my doubts.
Beigang Stabbed Sa Ye is an extraordinary self-directed play.
The goal is to destroy me alone.
No wonder Li Uy Uy often saw such a body with Trac Bu Fan.
I'll think so.
So it seems that the cage exit plan can be adjusted.
How is that possible?
Even if the boss is too divided, he can't do that.
Honey, what if you don't have anything?
Dear, I can't be with you anymore.
Let go, girl. Your play is great.
But for me
There's no need to pretend.
What do you mean?
I'm sure you've seen what's in this play.
We'll be a little more honest.